W-21918708-hyperforce-0526-duke (INDIA) (#467)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/monitor-connectors.adoc

//TODO: RTF DEPLOYMENTS
//* Runtime Fabric deployments

//NOTE: Standard support for Java 8 and 11 ends in August 2026 for 4.6 LTS.
// TODO: NEED A NEW LIST OF SUPPORTED CONNECTORS????

> NOTE: If your app is using Java 17, you must specify the version during deployment. For a list of compatible connectors, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?language=en_US&id=000782248&type=1[Java 17 Compatible Anypoint Connectors].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If your app uses Java 17, you must specify the version during deployment. For a list of compatible connectors, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?language=en_US&id=000782248&type=1[Java 17 Compatible Anypoint Connectors].
```

Is it clear how you specifiy?
